ie ii
hey guys going okay voice still
another podium of the master
I hope you enjoy it this time I will
spend a price here is in itself
ammonia is by picking up and off
combining the two techniques ne
and at the time of let's say do the look
the beginning of the sentence is to have a
sequence of two notes per snake that I
I always find it a little difficult to always
I found the least new proposal
to try harder is you have 64
we are on the same rope the palette goes more
easy now with a dozen always one
bit more complicated I did it
precisely to train this deficiency
is the expert that many people have the
The choice of new ones is a bit
It is atypical if you think about our
most used when placing smaller
monica né
I know it looks like a fourth house and
power 4
The combination is this one.
with 1
i
Hmm
So far it's no problem we 're
using the same pattern in all
decorum changes
he only knows how new to play are these
teams arriving spanish
It's just that the norm is not a
that applied four until the
here in our class
Actually, this party
Hmm
is what counts is what is also another
thing is a team where you
will wonder if in China then
think this year
this is the wine bug the wine
show dollar the fire of the sea and speak only
here live at the 7th to 4 in the seventh string
it's a decision and I did that other part
come back to have that decide
It's definitely simple to stop the work.
going out cup measures makes several countries
what do you charge while here
review defeat
uai